# CS-305
CS-305 Coursework and Projects


  Artemis Financial is a financial instution that was the subject of the projects completed in CS-305. Artemis Financial was looking to fully secure and protect their information stored relating to the client and their personal infromation. They wanted me to address this issue, and in-turn create a more secure and stable system for the company. There was a variety of ways that I was able to better secure their information,but I feel the thing I was the best at was the static testing of the softwares dependencies. There were a lot of dependicies being used, as Maven and Springboot were both used in the pprocess of creating a more software. It is important to code securely like this as it will only strengthen the barrier to block or avoid brute force attacks on the system. A company's overall wellbeing is imporved with secure software as it gives them less stress relating to leaked or breached information and the knowledge that their information is secure. The part that I found most challenging would probably be the Springboot process. This was all new to me, and therefore took a lot of time and learning to do it correctly. I increased layers of security by adding APIs, static testing, applying secure coding techniques, using cryptography and SHA-256 hashes, and also using input validation. Adding all of these security techniques ensures that the software will be very secure and functional. Using the SHA-256 by itself would be enough to prevent brute force attacks. The only areas that might need addressed later is external information storage, such as cloud storage. To ensure the code was safe, mutiple dependecy and cryptography checks were performed on this software. To check for new vulnerabilities in the system, Maven checks were done again after the software was complete in order to ensure no new vulnerabilities were created. All of the learning from this class will prove to be useful in the field, especially if I enter a secrity sector of technology. The things that an employer could take from this project completion and information would be that I ensure safe and secure software, that Maven and Springboot are know in my field of knowledge for Java, and that I will not stop until the software is fully completed, safe and functional. 
